Mom, you must be safe
Hey doctor
How is my mom?
Temporarily rescued
However, due to the severity of the injury
You need to go unnoticed by severe symptoms.
It's not easy for the family to leave within three days, right?
I'm sorry for this.
It's all my fault
What the hell is going on?
Why did you leave me?
If it weren't for my appearance
None of this is going to happen.
I'll find a way to do this.
Speed up the troublesome process
It's all his fault
I knew what you were doing here
The house is empty
You still can't bear to go
Why should I do it?
I am the biological daughter of the Song family
The Song family and the rich are all mine
So I really want to
Snow White
Don't forget that we don't belong in this world
These vain things
Is it important to you?
Ok I need these
I need money.
Where are you going?
I'm going to fix this.
I can't beg us in front of you